#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
acryl-datahub==1.0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   aiohttp-cors
aiohttp-cors==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   ray
alembic==1.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterhub
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isoduration
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
asyncio==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weaviate-client
avro==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   avro-gen3
avro-gen3==0.7.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
bcrypt==4.3.0
boto3==1.37.34
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.37.34
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bracex==2.5.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wcmatch
cached-property==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
certipy==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterhub
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   click-default-group
    #   ray
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
click-default-group==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
click-spinner==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
cockroachdb==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
colorful==0.5.6
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   authlib
    #   certipy
ctransformers==0.2.27
    # via -r requirements.in
cython==3.0.12
    # via -r requirements.in
datetime==5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
distlib==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
dnslib==0.9.26
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   email-validator
docker==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   dockerspawner
dockerspawner==14.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-jose
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
environs==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymilvus
escapism==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dockerspawner
etcd3==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
expandvars==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-cli==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ray
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   ray
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitignore-parser==0.1.12
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opencensus
google-auth==2.39.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
greenlet==3.2.0
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.71.0 ; sys_platform == "linux"
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   etcd3
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   pymilvus
    #   qdrant-client
    #   weaviate-client
grpcio>=1.68.1,<1.69; sys_platform != "linux"
grpcio-health-checking==1.71.0; sys_platform == "linux"
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weaviate-client
grpcio-health-checking>=1.68.1,<1.69; sys_platform !="linux"
grpcio-tools==1.71.0; sys_platform == "linux"
    # via
    #   qdrant-client
    #   weaviate-client
grpcio-tools>=1.68.1,<1.69; sys_platform !="linux"
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
hpack==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
httpx[http2]==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qdrant-client
    #   weaviate-client
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ctransformers
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyterhub
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ijson==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterhub
    #   memray
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jsonref==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   ray
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterhub
jupyterhub==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dockerspawner
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
lxml==5.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markdown-it-py[linkify,plugins]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   rich
    #   textual
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   environs
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
memory-profiler==0.61.0
    # via -r requirements.in
memray==1.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
milvus-lite==2.4.12
    # via pymilvus
mixpanel==4.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ray
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typing-inspect
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   qdrant-client
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterhub
objgraph==3.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus==0.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opencensus
orjson==3.10.16
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterhub
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
    #   ray
    #   transformers
pamela==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterhub
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymilvus
parse==1.20.2
    # via -r requirements.in
passlib==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pathlib==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   textual
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qdrant-client
progressbar2==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterhub
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   etcd3
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   proto-plus
    #   pymilvus
    #   ray
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   memory-profiler
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ctransformers
py-spy==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycairo==1.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   fastapi
    #   jupyterhub
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   qdrant-client
    #   weaviate-client
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pymilvus==2.4.9 ; sys_platform == "linux"
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==8.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   jupyterhub
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   environs
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
python-utils==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   progressbar2
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datetime
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   ray
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
qdrant-client==1.13.3
    # via -r requirements.in
ray==2.44.1
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterhub
    #   mixpanel
    #   ray
    #   requests-file
    #   transformers
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   memray
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   textual
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cli
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentry-sdk==2.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   avro-gen3
    #   ecdsa
    #   etcd3
    #   mixpanel
    #   opencensus
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smart-open==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   jupyterhub
    #   sqlalchemy-cockroachdb
sqlalchemy-cockroachdb==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   etcd3
termcolor==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
textual==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   memray
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
torchvision==0.21.0
torchaudio==2.6.0
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterhub
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   milvus-lite
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterhub
transformers==4.51.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
triton==3.2.0
    # via torch
typer==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cli
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   multidict
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-utils
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   textual
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   linkify-it-py
ujson==5.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymilvus
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   mixpanel
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uuid==1.30
    # via -r requirements.in
uvicorn[standard]==0.34.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cli
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
validators==0.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weaviate-client
virtualenv==20.30.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
wcmatch==10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
weaviate-client==4.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deprecated
    #   smart-open
yarl==1.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zope-interface==7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datetime

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
PyGObject>=3.50.0,<3.51; sys_platform != 'linux'    
PyGObject==3.50.0; sys_platform == 'linux'